Yep.
So let's go to this problem.
Let me copy the input as well.
Let's copy your be good input.
Would.
In Italy, we have an.
Big in.
I'm not a.
And they adequately know what I have to do is let it rip.
So you know that we we do not need this adding.
We do not need this, Harry Reid.
But if you want, I can even formulated it.
Is that the values, the maximum values of all these prime numbers and which is already in this Harry
Reid.
So.
Well, let's take both theories, but let's see.
DP.
DP Right.
But what is the B primary here?
It is the right one.
What is a best earning prime is giving me?
Well, and what should we do?
FLINT Let's let's call it Flint so we know that it's still under the fire only.
But let's take it for granted.
We have five one.
Yeah, many five plus one.
Well and and what's the matter with it?
I always use I always say a constraint in.
And I think this area here.
Keep prime.
And you.
Oh, let me just remove it from here.
Because whatever I whatever the big regret is out there that I have all the Danish ladies, I always
take it up on the keeper.
Now let's go from one down.
And what I need to do.
It's a let's see what I need to do.
Starting from one.
First of all, I need to find out the primary readers of all these values.
What I do is I simply quickly write down a function which is.
Your primary with this if.
Prime.
If he says so, let's.
Let's pass a number and do it.
And this will give me all the brain to dissolve in.
And if you do not know the logic behind this particular function, then you can.
I think you can only.
T or you can easily notice here as well.
But all you can do are different courses, comedy, programming, both maybe.
But it's a very easy thing, right?
If you have dynamic programming, you're trying to understand dynamic programming, then this basic
number theory algorithm.
Is a cakewalk.
So are you.
What do I think?
So give them to me this way.
So instead of let's make it vector it what it will do, it will give me all the parameters of a number
in it.
So I'll start from two because primes start from two and I'll go into a less than equal to N.
We all know this, right?
I'm not explaining this part here.
So let's.
You go, Victor.
What I'll do is if.
And it's diesel by.
Then simply.
Okay.
Then religious public lectures push back.
I wish I came in there with a list and simply remove and.
And B remove all the occurrences, all the powers of I know from it and slash it could do a.
Well.
And finally.
Yeah.
After this loop, it's over and is a prime number.
What I would simply do, if any.
The prime number.
It's pushed back in and I knew, didn't they?
Okay.
Before moving on.
Let's ask this.
And let's see.
We're going to test this for all these numbers, the numbers here.
1 to 10, let's say vegetarian, divisors or let's see.
Prime business and let's call the function, which is give primary visits if primary readers will pass
a do it.
Well, let's suppose they do it.
So this.
Vector will now have prime day with us.
It's bringing out all the prejudices that I have.
And then let's have an for.
Is heated up at.
Okay.
I have not declared this.
Insurance.
No one does not have a primary visa.
The first is one day they can and so on.
Two, three, five, two, three, seven, two, three, two, four.
And also, we can do this for a random number.
Let's, let's let's see.
This is a number.
I've just.
I just.
I didn't remember.
Right.
So this is.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, ten, 11, 15, integer.
So I'm just saying, we're going to do digits from this.
Okay.
So these are two prime numbers, three into three, five, four, one into two, three, nine, six,
seven, eight.
So this is what this number is made up of.
I hope you're getting it.
Also, let's put a bag here.
And what what is the complexity of this function?
Its complexity is the square root of N because as you can easily see that I'm just running a loop to
square root of when I goes on little by little event.
Otherwise it will break it to.
Now, let me remove this.
Now what we have to simply do.
Let's come back.
Now we have all the primary primary results of any of these numbers.
What I have to do is I have to just find out the maximum value of all, the best training that these
frames can give.
When I founded Maximum Value as simply updating all the prime numbers.
So yeah.
So I'll just go for all the prime.
Yeah.
Let's go.
For all the priming, let's find it fascinating.
It's the best ending that anybody can give.
So initially, let's take it as one.
And best ending is max of ascending coma.
E.
What's said is name deep brain.
It.
It be prime x, whatever will be the best ending.
It will be in this variable.
Once this variable is here.
Now, what I have to do is I simply have to updated my standing for all the frames.
The next step.
But let me copy this only.
And what I'll do is simply say that BP Prime X is equal to the best in.
Eight are instead of equal submission in English.
It is.
Cinemax, the sequel to.
Now equal to to eight because if it was greater than the best ending, let's say the value was greater
than the best earning of some prime extent.
It would already be in best trending because it is all leading the mix of all the pain.
So let's make it equal to best trending and let's move forward.
So right now, what I'm doing is I'm not filling this area.
I don't want to fill this out.
The best ending is a variable and I'm just using that variable to fill this area.
In the end, what I'll do, I simply.
Print out whatever is the best ending that any of the prime can give.
A school.
I'm using the max element function.
But what does Max 11 do?
We just didn't meet the pointer of the maximum element in theory.
I use the max.
I find the maximum value of the brain because the maximum value of deep brain will also be the maximum
value of this area.
And because both of them are kind of using the best ending.
But it is epi, prime coma, deep brain plus.
Wade and whatever point of view didn't really influence it.
And it will give me the best answer.
Let's see.
Okay.
So there's something that I'm missing and that is plus one because I'm taking the good in the element
as well.
Right.
So if I'm using the current element as a new best ending, then the best ending increases by one.
Well.
Oh, yeah.
Right.
Okay.
So there's another issue that is I'm using this one.
Let me quickly go you.
Hmm.
So it's giving me fiber, but it should not give me five because best ending can be zero as well.
Yeah.
No, not answer B.
Correct.
The best ending and B zero as well.
I'm already taking it.
I was already taking it to be one, which is not true.
Otherwise it will be.
One doesn't do well.
So let's not declare this one.
Let's initialize it with zero.
And when will be?
Popping Devaluing the People remix and then we'll improve it by one late night will solve my problem.
Let's go to the previous just case and build it.
Yeah for again I hope you got this and this for the slide to give problem and.
It will give you.
We should think about any repercussions.
It's not always the numbers.
They can be their primary reasons as well.
And as the problem demands for the complexity of this problem, this is going from zero to an.
And in this loop I'm trying to call this function, which is primary reasons, which is square root
of an.
So in the worst case where I can have and squared of n which will work because the time limit is a second
date.
It is an incredible faith in the world of narrative above i it's approximately about seven and it's
a good complexity to make it work.
And there's nothing much we are doing these loops.
These are less than log in loops.
You should know this.
So what I remember the primary results are at most login and they will be less than log in.
Log based.
We will.
So these are all the these are the parts of number 30.
You should have a good grasp of that.
This this was a problem, which was a mixture of number 13 and reprogramming.
Will go.
It wasn't easy problem but yeah I took even in the next four days and.